( theme music playing )
( knocking at door )
- HI.
- GOOD EVENING.
( laughs )
- I'M RUNNING
A LITTLE LATE.
- OKAY.
I NEED FIVE MINUTES.
Man on TV:
Welcome, designers!
You've heard the expression
"She'd even look great
in a potato sack"?
Well, you're going
to prove that point
with this challenge.
You will be creating
a party-worthy look
out of burlap...
- OH.
- HI.
- MY NAME IS GREG.
- IS IT?
- YES.
- MY NAME IS LARRY.
- HI.
A GREAT PLEASURE
TO MEET YOU.
- OH, THANK YOU.
- YOU'RE VERY WELCOME.
- SO WHAT ARE YOU DRAWING?
- OH, I'M JUST DOODLING.
THAT'S A HITLER MUSTACHE.
THAT'S HITLER HAIR.
- WHAT'S A HITLER?
- HITLER WAS A BAD MAN.
- A BAD MAN?
- A VERY BAD MAN.
- OH MY GOD.
- YES, HE STARTED A WAR.
HE DIDN'T-- HE DIDN'T
REALLY CARE FOR JEWS.
HE THOUGHT THEY WERE
A BIT MUCH.
( scoffs )
I WOULD KICK HIS BUTT.
- WOULD YOU?
- YES.
GOOD FOR YOU.
WHAT-- WHAT ARE YOU
WATCHING IN THERE?
"PROJECT RUNWAY."
- GOOD SHOW.
- AND WHAT DO YOU
LIKE ABOUT IT?
THE FASHION!
IT'S LIKE
THE BEST SHOW EVER.
- YOU LIKE FASHION?
- YES, I DO.
HMM.
OOH, WHAT'S THAT
RIGHT THERE?
OH, THAT'S CALLED
A SWASTIKA.
I LIKE HOW THE LINES
JUST GO STRAIGHT
AND THEN UP
AND THEN DOWN
AND THEN STRAIGHT
AND THEN UP AND
THEN DOWN.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
MY BIRTHDAY'S
COMING UP IN A WEEK,
SO CAN YOU GET ME ONE?
- A SWASTIKA?
- YEAH.
UH, I-- I DON'T KNOW, GREG.
I'LL HAVE TO THINK ABOUT THAT.
THEY SHOULD START
SELLING THEM
IN EVERY GIFT SHOP
IN NEW YORK CITY.
I DON'T THINK
JEWS WOULD LIKE THAT.
GET A LIFE, JEWS!
HMM. YEAH.
OKAY.
UH, IS YOUR MOM READY?
OKAY, SWEETIE,
NANA'S WAITING FOR YOU.
- SHE'S GONNA GIVE YOU
A BATH, OKAY?
- OKAY.
- TAKE GOOD CARE
OF HER. BYE.
( laughs )
THANKS.
HE'S SOMETHING ELSE,
ISN'T HE?
- THAT'S AN UNDERSTATEMENT.
- AW.
- SO, ARE YOU READY?
- READY.
SO SUSIE TELLS ME
YOU'RE QUITE A PIANO PLAYER.
OH.
EH, I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S BACKGROUND,
SO DON'T GET YOUR
HOPES UP TOO HIGH.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN IT'S JUST
IN THE BACKGROUND?
- NO, YOU'LL SEE.
( piano music playing )
( loud chatter )
HEY. SHH!
COME ON.
A PIANIST
IS PLAYING UP THERE.
SHE'S PLAYING.
- ( chatter continues )
- Larry: HEY, SHH! QUIET.
SO RUDE.
UNBELIEVABLE.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
MY ASSISTANT CALLED.
TABLE FOR THREE.
- HEY, IT'S LARRY.
I'M GONNA GO SAY HI.
- Man: OKAY.
- WHAT'S UP?
- Larry: HEY.
HEY, MIKE.
- I HEAR WE'RE
NEIGHBORS NOW.
- YEAH.
YOU LIVE DOWNSTAIRS.
YOU GOT THE PLACE DOWNSTAIRS.
YEAH YEAH, SHH.
TRY AND KEEP IT DOWN.
SHE'S--
- SORRY?
- SHE'S PLAYING. SHH.
BUT SHE'S--
IT'S BACKGROUND MUSIC.
YEAH, I KNOW, BUT STILL,
JUST TRY AND KEEP IT DOWN.
- WAIT, YOU KNOW HER?
- I'M DATING HER.
- OH, YOU'RE DATING HER?
- YES. SHH!
IT'S NOT CARNEGIE HALL.
IT'S JUST A BAR.
- I KNOW, BUT IT'S RUDE
TO TALK, THAT'S ALL.
- OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
- WELL, SEE YOU
AROUND THE BUILDING.
- I'LL TALK TO YOU LATER.
SEE YA LATER.
WHAT WERE YOU SAYING
ABOUT THE FROG?
THERE WAS AN INFLATABLE FROG
THAT CAME OUT OF A FRENCH
RESTAURANT IN VEGAS.
YOU'RE GETTING ONE OF
THOSE FOOFY DRINKS, RIGHT?
NO, I'M GONNA GO
WITH STRAIGHT TEQUILA.
HEY, FOX.
FOX! FOX!
SHH!
COME ON.
- SHE'S PLAYING.
- YEAH.
( piano flourish )
( scattered applause )
Larry:
YEAH, CLAP.
I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU DO IT.
I REALLY DON'T.
IT'S ATMOSPHERE.
IT'S A NICE SETTING.
- I'M REALLY GLAD YOU'RE HERE.
- I FOUND IT REALLY ANNOYING.
- HEY, YOU GOT TO KNOW GREG
A LITTLE BIT.
- YEAH, I DID.
HE'S QUITE A--
QUITE A YOUNG MAN.
HE'S REALLY LIKE
ONE OF MY FAVORITE PEOPLE
IN THE WORLD, OBVIOUSLY.
YEAH. WELL, I MEAN
IT MUST BE VERY...
YOU KNOW, CHALLENGING
TO HAVE A SON LIKE THAT.
YOU KNOW, I SIGNED UP
FOR SINGLE MOTHERHOOD.
IT'S NOT LIKE A BIG--
TO ME THAT'S PART OF
THE DEAL, YOU KNOW.
NO, BUT I MEAN,
YOU KNOW,
HIS BEING SO...
FLAMBOYANT.
I THINK THE FACT THAT HE CAN
SORT OF SELL A SONG AND--
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE HE GETS IT.
THERE'S NOBODY LIKE HIM.
IT MAKES HIM REALLY SPECIAL
AND UNIQUE AND DIFFERENT.
OKAY.
HIS BIRTHDAY'S NEXT WEEK.
WE'RE PROBABLY GONNA
HAVE A PARTY.
YOU'RE WELCOME TO COME.
PROBABLY JUST LIKE
A LITTLE FAMILY THING.
- NO, I DON'T WANNA GO.
- OH.
A KID'S BIRTHDAY PARTY--
NAH, I'M NOT THAT GUY.
I GUESS IT'D BE
KIND OF BORING.
- HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
- WHAT?
I'LL BUY HIM
A BIRTHDAY GIFT.
HOW ABOUT THAT?
LARRY, THAT WOULD
BE SO GREAT.
- IF IT HELPS
WITH THE SEX, OF COURSE.
- IT WILL HELP WITH THE SEX.
THEN I GET HIM A PRESENT.
WHAT'S THE DEBATE?
YEAH, THERE'S NO DEBATE
WHATSOEVER.
OF COURSE,
WHAT DO YOU--
WHAT DO YOU GET
A KID LIKE THAT?
HE LOVES EVERYTHING.
YOU MET HIM.
CAN'T GET HIM A BASEBALL.
SURE YOU CAN.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
- CAN'T GET HIM A FOOTBALL.
- WHY NOT?
ANYTHING--
IT CAN BE ANYTHING.
JUST GET HIM WHATEVER.
- DID YOU SEE THAT?
- IT WAS MICHAEL J. FOX.
YES. SEE THAT KIND OF
HEAD SHAKE HE JUST GAVE ME?
HE'S UPSET BECAUSE
I SHUSHED HIM EARLIER.
YOU KNOW HE HAS
A CONDITION.
- HE SHAKES.
- YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
MAYBE IT WAS
A PARKINSON'S SHAKE.
IT COULD HAVE BEEN
SO...
WAS IT PISSED
OR PARKINSON'S?
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T THINK THAT
IT'S THE KIND OF QUESTION
THAT YOU CAN ASK HIM.
NO. HE LIVES RIGHT
UPSTAIRS FROM ME.
- THIS COULD
GET AWKWARD.
- OH.
MAYBE JUST SAY
"I'M SORRY I SHUSHED YOU."
YEAH, OKAY.
GOOD IDEA.
( elevator dings )
( scoffs )
- I'M SORRY?
- NO NO.
IT'S JUST, YOU KNOW,
YOU HIT TWO FLOORS
AND I'M IN A LITTLE BIT
OF A RUSH, THAT'S ALL.
WHAT A TERRIBLE INCONVENIENCE.
MY GOD, I'M SO SORRY.
WELL, AS A MATTER
OF FACT IT IS A LITTLE BIT
OF AN INCONVENIENCE, YES.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHERE I'M GOING.
I'M IN A LITTLE BIT OF A RUSH.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO WASTE 12 SECONDS
OF YOUR PRECIOUS TIME.
- IT'S NOT REALLY ABOUT
THE 12 SECONDS, IS IT?
- WHAT IS IT?
IT'S ABOUT THE FACT THAT
YOU HIT TWO BUTTONS.
WHO DOESN'T KNOW WHAT FLOOR
THEY'RE GETTING OFF ON?
I DECIDED TO GO
SOMEPLACE ELSE.
I REALIZE THAT
THAT'S ILLEGAL IN YOUR
LITTLE WORLD, ISN'T IT?
WHEN YOU REALIZED
YOU'D HIT THE WRONG FLOOR,
- YOU JUST GET OFF ON 31,
GO UP TO 32.
- OH REALLY?
- TAKE THE STAIRS.
- SUPPOSE I WANTED
TO GO TO 40.
YOU MEAN BECAUSE
IT'S ONE FLIGHT NOW--
- YOU WANNA GO TO 40 AS WELL?
- NO, I'M SAYING WHAT IF
I DID WANNA GO TO 40?
WHY DON'T YOU GO TO 40?
THERE YOU GO.
NOW YOU'RE
GOING TO 40 AS WELL.
YOU WANNA GO TO 33, 34?
- HOW ABOUT THAT, HUH?
- I THINK I WANNA GO
TO 36 TOO.
ALL RIGHT.
I CHANGED MY MIND.
- I THINK I'M GONNA
GO TO 36 AND 37.
- GOOD GOOD.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I CHANGED MY MIND AGAIN.
- I THINK I'LL GO TO 39.
- WHY DON'T I GO TO 43?
- I'LL GO TO 40.
I'LL GO TO 42.
- OH MY GOODNESS, LOOK.
- THERE YOU GO.
TERRIFIC!
NOW WE'RE GOING
TO EVERY FLOOR.
YEAH, ENJOY THAT RIDE
UP TO 44.
31-- I THINK
I'LL GET OUT HERE
AND TAKE THE STAIRS.
- YEAH.
- ENJOY YOUR RIDE.
ENJOY THE WALK!
Larry:
ANYWAY, I JUST
WANTED TO TELL YOU
THAT I HOPE YOU WEREN'T
UPSET ABOUT THE SHUSHING,
BECAUSE A LOT
OF PEOPLE THINK--
I'M NOT GONNA LIE TO YOU--
NOBODY LIKES TO BE SHUSHED.
YEAH, NOBODY LIKES
TO BE SHUSHED.
- MY KIDS--
I DON'T SHUSH MY KIDS.
- EXACTLY EXACTLY, YEAH.
BECAUSE I DID NOTICE
BEFORE YOU LEFT
YOU WERE LOOKING AT ME
AND YOU KIND OF,
YOU KNOW,
SHOOK YOUR HEAD.
UH, YEAH,
MY HEAD SHAKES, LARRY.
I HAVE PARKINSON'S.
I-- I'M A HEAD-SHAKING FOOL.
- I ALWAYS SHAKE.
- SO YOU'RE SAYING IT WAS
A PARKINSON'S SHAKE.
YEAH, IT WASN'T
A LARRY'S SHAKE.
GOT IT. OKAY.
BUT SHE WAS PLAYING
BACKGROUND MUSIC.
IT WAS NOT A PERFORMANCE.
I MEAN, PER SE.
TO ME IT'S A LITTLE RUDE.
IF I WENT TO SEE
ONE OF YOUR MOVIES
AND I WAS TALKING,
YOU PROBABLY WOULDN'T
LIKE IT.
I'D BE SURPRISED.
WHERE ARE YOU GONNA
SEE ONE OF MY MOVIES?
IT WAS LIKE 1985
LAST TIME I WAS IN A MOVIE.
OKAY, IF I SAW ONE
OF YOUR MOVIES IN 1985,
YOU WOULDN'T LIKE IT
IF I WAS TALKING.
THIS IS GETTING
INTO TIME TRAVEL.
THIS IS GETTING WEIRD.
SO JUST TO BE CLEAR,
YOU'RE NOT UPSET?
- ( phone rings )
- LET ME GET THAT.
I'LL BE BACK
IN TWO SHAKES.
( sighs )
WHAT THE FUCK?
LAR, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, I WAS JUST DRAWING
A HITLER MUSTACHE.
- ON MY FATHER-IN-LAW.
THAT'S MY FATHER-IN-LAW.
- THAT'S YOUR FATHER-IN-LAW?
YEAH, HE'S A BUSINESSMAN.
HE'S ON "BUSINESSWEEK"
MAGAZINE.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
WHAT THE HELL IS HE DOING
ON THE COVER OF A MAGAZINE?
- WELL, HE'S THE FUEHRER NOW.
- OH MY GOD, I'M SORRY.
I JUST LIKE TO SEE
WHAT PEOPLE LOOK LIKE
WITH HITLER MUSTACHES.
HE LOOKS LIKE HITLER.
THE MYSTERY IS SOLVED.
MY FATHER-IN-LAW
LOOKS LIKE HITLER.
I'VE GOTTA GET
RID OF THIS BECAUSE
HE'S COMING OVER HERE.
- AND IF HE SEES THIS...
- I'M SORRY AGAIN.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
CAN I GET YOU A SODA
OR SOMETHING, LARRY?
OH SURE.
THAT'D BE GREAT.
YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
THE THING IS
HITLER REALLY RUINED
THAT MUSTACHE FOR EVERYBODY.
BECAUSE IT'S REALLY--
IT'S AN INTERESTING MUSTACHE,
AND NOW NOBODY COULD
WEAR IT, YOU KNOW.
OH, THANKS.
OH JESUS CHRIST!
- WHAT THE HELL?
- YOU WANT--
DID YOU SHAKE THAT UP
ON PURPOSE?
PARKINSON'S.
I THINK
THE SHIRT'S RUINED.
I'M NOT REALLY
SURPRISED, MAN.
HE HAS PARKINSON'S.
SO HE'S GOT PARKINSON'S.
OF COURSE IT'S PARKINSON'S.
- YEAH.
- HE WAS SHAKING.
HE WOULD NEVER DO ANYTHING
LIKE THAT ON PURPOSE.
MICHAEL J. FOX?
NEVER IN A MILLION YEARS.
BUT HE SHAKES, RIGHT?
HE HANDS YOU A SODA
THAT'S SHAKEN.
HE CAN'T STOP
FUCKIN' SHAKING.
- SO YOU DON'T BELIEVE ME.
- I'M JUST NOT BUYING IT.
SEE THAT FUCKIN' MILK
YOU GOT IN YOUR HAND
RIGHT NOW?
YOU HAND THAT MAN
A CARTON OF FUCKIN' MILK--
GUESS WHAT.
- IT'S GONNA BE
A FUCKIN' MILKSHAKE.
- THAT WAS NOT PARKINSON'S.
THANK GOD HE DIDN'T
HAND YOU HIS DICK.
HE COULD'VE BEEN
SHAKING AND SHOOK
THAT DICK UP,
HANDED YOU THE DICK,
AND THE DICK SHOT
SPERM IN YOUR FACE.
YEAH, BUT WHY WOULD
HE HAND ME A DICK?
- I MEAN AS AN EXAMPLE.
- WHAT KIND OF EXAMPLE IS THAT?
I'M JUST COMPARING IT
TO OTHER THINGS YOU CAN
SHAKE UP, RIGHT?
- WITH PARKINSON'S, RIGHT?
- YOU JUST LIVE IN A TOTAL
DICK WORLD, DON'T YOU?
- IT'S A GOOD EXAMPLE.
- RIGHT?
( loud thumping )
WHAT'S THAT?
IS THAT PARKINSON'S, HMM?
- YOU THINK
THAT'S PARKINSON'S?
- SHIT. WOW.
( thumping continues )
- HE'S PISSED.
( knocking )
HI. OH, LOOK AT--
HEY, GREG!
LARRY BROUGHT YOU SOMETHING
FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY.
- GREG!
- HE'S GONNA BE SO EXCITED.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
HMM.
OH MY GOD.
LET ME CHECK.
WHAT IS IT?
- WHAT IS IT?
IT'S A SEWING MACHINE.
( screaming )
IT'S A SEWING MACHINE!
OH MY GOD, I'M GONNA MAKE
THE "GONE WITH THE WIND"
COSTUME.
"MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS,"
"THE WIZARD OF OZ."
- YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
"THE WIZARD OF OZ" COSTUME?
- YES!
- WHICH ONE?
- DOROTHY.
I LOVE IT, I LOVE IT,
I LOVE IT!
( kisses )
THANK YOU, LORD.
"THANK YOU, LORD"?
THANK YOU, LARRY.
- THANK YOU, LARRY.
- YOU'RE WELCOME, GREG.
( screams )
NANA, NANA!
- A SEWING MACHINE?
- YEAH. HE LOVED IT.
WHAT, ARE YOU TRYING
TO TURN HIM GAY?
HE IS A HAPPY, HEALTHY,
NORMAL SEVEN-YEAR-OLD BOY.
WHAT IS THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
I THINK HE MIGHT BE GAY.
( loud thumping )
( sighs )
LEON! YOU UP?
YEAH, I'M UP.
THIS DUDE IS OUT
OF FUCKING CONTROL
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT IS GOING ON
WITH HIM?
ALL THIS FUCKIN'
CLOMPING AROUND
ALL FUCKIN' NIGHT?
- I CAN'T FUCKIN' SLEEP
LIKE THIS, MAN.
- I KNOW. GOD!
YOU'D BETTER HOUND
THIS DUDE, MAN.
YOU'D BETTER GO UP THERE
AND HANDLE THIS FUCKIN' GUY.
THIS SHIT DON'T GO DOWN
IN A BLACK NEIGHBORHOOD.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
ALL RIGHT, I'M GONNA
GO UP THERE.
UNLESS YOU WANT TO.
IF I GO UP THERE,
I WILL KILL THIS
MOTHERFUCKER.
MICHAEL J. FOX ABOUT TO BE
MICHAEL J. FUCKED-UP
IN A MINUTE.
BUT IF YOU GO UP THERE,
YOU AND HIM--
THAT'S A FAIR FIGHT
AND SHIT.
- YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
- HOW IS THAT A FAIR FIGHT?
SHAKING MOTHERFUCKERS
LIKE THAT, YOU KNOW,
LITTLE KIDS AND SHIT,
OLD PEOPLE,
MOTHERFUCKERS WHO CAN'T
DEFEND THEMSELVES, AND YOU--
THAT'S PERFECT.
YOU TWO FACE OFF--
THAT'S JUST EVEN STEVEN.
- THAT'S NOT EVEN STEVEN.
- THAT'S EVEN FUCKIN' STEVEN,
LARRY.
YOU DON'T THINK I CAN GET
THE BETTER OF HIM IN A FIGHT?
THAT SHAKING SHIT
MIGHT COME IN HANDY.
I DON'T FUCKIN' KNOW.
RIGHT?
YOU DON'T KNOW THIS
MOTHERFUCKER'S SKILLS.
- ALL RIGHT.
- RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT,
YOU WATCH ME, OKAY?
- I WANNA SEE THIS SHIT.
- YOU WATCH ME.
THIS SHIT DON'T HAPPEN
IN A BLACK NEIGHBORHOOD.
I'M TELLING YOU.
( knocking )
- HEY, LARRY.
- HEY.
UM...
WHAT'S GOING ON
UP HERE?
WHY? WHAT DO YOU MEAN
"WHAT'S GOING ON"?
THERE'S A LOT OF CLOMPING
ON THE FLOOR.
- IT'S KEEPING ME UP.
- OH OH, IT'S THE BOOTS,
THE BOOTS.
YEAH YEAH.
MY FEET CRAMP.
IT'S CALLED DYSTONIA
AND I HAVE TO WEAR
STIFF SHOES
TO KEEP THEM
FROM CRAMPING.
IT'S IN MY BOOK.
IT'S CHAPTER ONE.
YOU SHOULD READ IT.
AT THE VERY LEAST
IT'LL HELP YOU
GET TO SLEEP.
YOUR FEET ARE CRAMPING?
IS THIS A NEW THING?
NO. THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON
FOR ABOUT 20 YEARS NOW, LAR.
OH REALLY?
HOW COME I HAVEN'T HEARD
THE CLOMPING BEFORE?
YOU HAVEN'T LIVED HERE.
YOU'VE LIVED IN CALIFORNIA.
I'VE BEEN LIVING
HERE FOR OVER A MONTH.
I HAVEN'T HEARD ANY CLOMPING.
- WHAT AM I,
BULLSHITTING YOU?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT I THINK.
YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT
I THINK, FOX?
- I'M HANGING ON IT.
- ARE YOU?
I THINK YOU'RE UPSET
ABOUT THE SHUSHING.
I THINK YOU WERE PISSED OFF
ABOUT THE HITLER MUSTACHE
ON YOUR FATHER-IN-LAW.
I THINK YOU SHOOK UP
THAT CAN OF SODA ON PURPOSE.
AND I THINK
YOU'RE CLOMPING NOW
AND YOU'VE MADE UP
SOME BULLSHIT EXCUSE
ABOUT YOUR FEET,
AND IT'S ALL UNDER
THE GUISE OF PARKINSON'S.
THAT'S WHAT I THINK.
HUH?
I THOUGHT I WAS
THE SICKEST GUY ON THIS BLOCK,
BUT YOU'RE THE NEW CHAMP.
I HAVE A SICKNESS
IN MY BRAIN.
YOU HAVE A SICKNESS
IN YOUR MIND.
- YOUR MIND, IT'S GONE OVER.
- OH, HAS IT?
IT'S FASCINATING IF IT WASN'T
SO FUCKING TRAGIC.
HUH. SO YOU DENY
THE WHOLE THING?
IT'S ALL PARKINSON'S, LARRY.
IT'S ALL PARKINSON'S.
- THE HEAD SHAKE AT THE BAR?
- PARKINSON'S.
- THE SODA?
- THE CLOMPING?
- PARKINSON'S.
ARE YOU SURE?
YEAH, LARRY,
I'M DEAD CERTAIN.
OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT,
THERE YOU GO.
- Susie: HELLO?
- HEY.
- HEY, LAR,
- WHAT THE HELL
WERE YOU THINKING?
- WHAT?
YOU GIVE
A SEVEN-YEAR-OLD KID--
A BOY-- A SEWING MACHINE
AS A GIFT?
- YEAH. SO WHAT?
- TOTALLY INAPPROPRIATE.
NO, NOT INAPPROPRIATE.
HE LOVED THE GIFT.
HE WENT IN THAT ROOM,
FIGURED OUT IN TWO MINUTES
HOW TO WORK
THAT SEWING MACHINE.
AND HE WAS WORKING
ON A FRILLY THING
IMMEDIATELY.
I DON'T LIKE
THE IMPLICATION,
ALL RIGHT?
- IT'S NOT AN IMPLICATION.
- HE'S SEVEN.
BEING GAY MEANS
THAT YOU'RE ATTRACTED TO
THE PERSON OF THE SAME SEX.
HE'S TOO YOUNG
TO BE ATTRACTED
TO ANYBODY.
HE WILL BE GAY.
HE'S JUST-- HE'S PRE-GAY.
I DON'T KNOW
THAT YOU CAN MAKE
THAT ASSUMPTION.
I THINK
IT WAS AN INSULT
AND I THINK YOU'D BETTER GET
ANOTHER FUCKING GIFT, OKAY?
WHY DOES SHE STICK HER NOSE
INTO EVERYTHING?
WHAT, I GOTTA GET THE KID
ANOTHER GIFT NOW?
- YOU GOT TO GET
HIM ANOTHER GIFT.
- WHAT AM I GONNA GET HIM?
- I HAVE NOTHING TO GET HIM.
- WHAT ABOUT A SLINKY?
- A SLINKY'S ALWAYS--
- A SLINKY?
- EH, THAT'S PRETTY GAY.
- WELL, YOU'RE HANDLING A BALL.
- Both: YOU'RE HANDLING BALLS.
- YEAH.
- SO THIS IS THE WAY--
- THAT'S WHAT A SLINKY IS,
REALLY.
- Both: IT'S HANDLING BALLS.
- YES, THAT'S WHAT--
MY POINT EXACTLY.
- SO IT'S GAY.
- I MEAN, MAYBE ROLLER SKATES?
NAH, THAT'S GOT
THE ICE SKATING THING.
YOU DON'T WANNA
EVEN TOUCH THAT.
- A MUSICAL INSTRUMENT.
- OH, THAT'S NOT BAD.
NO SEXUALITY INVOLVED
UNLESS YOU GET HIM A HARP.
YOU WANNA KEEP AWAY
FROM THE FLUTE, I THINK.
- NO FLUTE, NO HARP.
- OKAY.
- IT'S YOUR TURN.
- OKAY. THERE YOU GO.
YOU REALIZE THAT MIGHT'VE BEEN
THE DUMBEST MOVE YOU COULD
HAVE POSSIBLY DONE?
SERIOUSLY, I'M NOT
THINKING STRAIGHT.
I'M SO-- HE'S KEEPING ME UP--
MICHAEL J. FOX-- EVERY NIGHT,
CLOMPING AROUND UPSTAIRS.
- STILL CLOMPING?
- YES. I CAN'T SLEEP.
- MICHAEL?
- YEAH.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
THAT TRACY--
HIS WIFE TRACY POLLAN--
SHE'S A SAINT.
WHAT A RELATIONSHIP
THOSE TWO HAVE, HUH?
I KNOW.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
- SUCH DEVOTION.
IT'S INCREDIBLE.
- Larry: YEAH.
AS A CYNIC IT KIND OF
SICKENS ME, BUT HE'D TAKE
A BULLET FOR HER.
HE WOULD TAKE
- TRUE LOVE.
- Jeff: YEAH.
- HOW ABOUT YOU, JEFF?
- WHAT?
WOULD YOU TAKE
A BULLET FOR ME?
OF COURSE I'D TAKE
A BULLET FOR YOU.
WHAT, ARE YOU KIDDING?
WITHOUT A DOUBT.
- YOU THINK HE WOULD?
- HE JUST SAID HE WOULD.
SAYING AND DOING--
TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.
I DOUBT IT.
- YOU KNOW
WHAT PEOPLE SAY...
- Jeff: WHAT?
- ...WHEN YOU GUYS
LEAVE A ROOM?
- WHAT DO THEY SAY?
- ( tisks )
"POOR BASTARD."
- OH JEEZ.
Susie:
YOU CAN LEAVE NOW, LARRY.
GET THE FUCK OUT!
I'M GOING HOME.
SEE YOU, FOLKS.
- HEY, JOHN!
- HEY, LARRY.
- HOW ARE YOU DOING, MAN?
- PRETTY GOOD. HOW'S IT GOING?
REAL GOOD. THANKS FOR
THE YANKEES TICKETS.
- ANYTIME, MAN.
- I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
- ANYTIME.
- SEE YOU AROUND.
( scoffs )
WAS THAT, UH...
PARKINSON'S?
NO, THAT WASN'T PARKINSON'S.
THAT WAS JUST BAD TIMING.
- BAD TIMING?
- YEAH.
OH OKAY, SO THAT ONE
WASN'T PARKIN--
BY THE WAY, STILL A LOT
OF CLOMPING I'M HEARING.
- WHAT'S GOING--
- YOU NEED TO TAKE IT UP
WITH THE BOARD.
- I AM GONNA TAKE IT UP
- THAT'S GREAT.
- LET ME KNOW HOW
THAT WORKS OUT FOR YOU.
- I WILL. I CAN'T SLEEP.
MR. FOX, IS THERE
A PROBLEM HERE?
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
THERE IS A BIT OF A PROBLEM.
YOU NEED ME TO CALL
THE POLICE?
- NO, I THINK
YOU CAN HANDLE IT.
- ALL RIGHT.
EDDIE, GET MR. FOX
A CAB, PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
- THANK YOU, EDDIE.
THANKS, JOHN.
- YOU GOT IT, MR. FOX.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT THE PROBLEM IS.
HE BUMPED INTO ME
ON PURPOSE.
- DID YOU SEE THAT?
- I DID SEE IT.
- HE HAS PARKINSON'S DISEASE.
- I KNOW HE HAS PARKINSON'S.
HE'S USING IT
TO HARASS ME, OKAY?
I SWEAR TO GOD.
HE SHOOK UP SODA
AND SPILLED IT
ALL OVER ME.
- HE'S CLOMPING AROUND--
- HERE'S THE DEAL.
HERE'S THE DEAL.
YOU CAN BUMP INTO
ANY TENANT YOU WANT
IN THIS BUILDING, ALL RIGHT?
I DON'T GIVE A SHIT.
BUT YOU DON'T TOUCH MR. FOX.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
YOU TOUCH HIM AGAIN,
ME AND YOU GOT A PROBLEM.
OH, YOU DON'T TOUCH
MICHAEL J. FOX.
OH YEAH.
LET ME TELL YOU
SOMETHING, OKAY?
I'M VERY SYMPATHETIC
TO THE PARKINSON'S!
BUT JUST HAVING PARKINSON'S
DOESN'T GIVE YOU CARTE BLANCHE
TO TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF THE NON-PARKINSON'S!
Larry:
HONEST TO GOD,
I CAN'T SLEEP.
HE'S BANGING ON MY CEILING
WITH THESE SPECIAL SHOES.
HE'S WEARING
COMBAT BOOTS.
AND YESTERDAY
HE SHOVED ME
WHEN I WAS COMING
OUT OF THE ELEVATOR.
SHOVED ME.
MICHAEL J. FOX
SHOVED ME, OKAY?
MR. DAVID, ARE YOU
AWARE OF THE FACT
THAT MICHAEL J. FOX
HAS PARKINSON'S DISEASE?
OF COURSE I'M AWARE
OF THE PARKINSON'S.
DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT HE'S DOING?
NOBODY UNDERSTANDS THIS.
HE'S USING THE PARKINSON'S
TO DO WHATEVER HE WANTS.
YOU THINK MR. PARKINSON,
THE FIRST GUY WHO HAD
PARKINSON'S--
YOU THINK HE WOULD LIKE
WHAT HE'S SEEING HERE?
MR. PARKINSON WOULD
BE APPALLED IF HE KNEW
HOW MR. FOX IS BEHAVING.
MR. DAVID,
I'D LIKE TO ASK YOU
ABOUT THE INCIDENT
IN THE ELEVATOR.
THAT GUY TOLD YOU
ABOUT THAT?
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
HE CAME TO THE BOARD--
( mocking )
"I GOT IN THE ELEVATOR
WITH LARRY DAVID"?
OH, COME ON.
GIVE ME A BREAK.
MR. DAVID, YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO PLAY WITH THE BUTTONS
ON THE ELEVATOR.
I DIDN'T PLAY WITH THE BUTTONS.
HE PLAYED WITH THE BUTTONS.
( indistinct whispering )
MR. DAVID, I'M AFRAID
IT'S THE DECISION
OF THIS BOARD,
IN VIEW OF THE TWO OFFENSES,
THAT YOU ARE ON PROBATION.
I THINK I DON'T
HAVE TO EXPLAIN
THAT A THIRD OFFENSE
WILL MEAN YOU WILL BE ASKED
TO LEAVE THE BUILDING.
IT'S NOT FAIR.
WELL, PERHAPS YOU COULD
MAKE AMENDS TO MR. FOX.
HE'S HOLDING A FUNDRAISER
TOMORROW AFTERNOON
IN OUR COURTYARD
AND IT WOULD BE A GOOD THING
IF YOU SHOWED UP.
AND A CONTRIBUTION
TO THE PARKINSON'S CHARITY
WOULD PROBABLY GO A LONG WAY
TOWARDS RESOLVING THIS.
HOW MUCH
ARE YOU THINKING?
$10,000.
HEY, LOOK AT THAT.
- OH, HEY.
- HEY!
- HUH?
- HI, LAR.
- HOW ARE YOU?
WHAT--
- WHAT IS IT?
IT'S ANOTHER PRESENT
FOR GREG.
- OH!
- VERY GOOD.
- IT'S BEAUTIFULLY WRAPPED.
- I HEARD THE VOICE
OF THE PEOPLE AND,
LIKE ANY GREAT LEADER,
I RESPONDED.
- WHAT DID YOU GET?
- VERY WELL DONE.
WELL, THAT'S REALLY
NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS.
Susie:
HOW IS IT NONE
OF MY BUSINESS?
I WANNA KNOW IF YOU'VE
FUCKED UP AGAIN.
I GOT A GOOD GIFT AND
I'D LIKE TO SURPRISE HIM,
IF YOU DON'T MIND.
HE COULD BE SURPRISED.
WE DON'T NEED TO BE
SURPRISED, OKAY?
YEAH, I DON'T WANNA
BE SURPRISED, LARRY.
- IT'S A VIOLIN.
- OH.
- THAT IS GREAT.
- YOU LIKE THAT, HUH?
HE'S BEEN ASKING
TO TAKE LESSONS.
- AND SHE'S A MUSICIAN.
- YEAH, SO DUH.
- WOW. ALL RIGHT.
- YEAH.
THAT SEWING MACHINE'S
GOTTA GO.
YEAH. I'LL BOX IT UP.
I'LL GIVE IT BACK TO YOU.
I DON'T WANT IT.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO WITH IT?
- YOU CAN TAKE IT BACK.
I DON'T WANT IT IN THE HOUSE.
- I'M NOT TAKING IT BACK.
- IT'S YOUR SEWING MACHINE.
IT'S NOT MINE.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU MAKE SUCH
A BIG MEGILLAH
OVER EVERYTHING.
I'M A MEGILLAH?
WHY AM I A MEGILLAH?
I HAVE TO BUY TWO GIFTS NOW
AND TAKE ONE BACK?
- WILL YOU GIVE THE KID
THE FUCKING VIOLIN?
- I'LL BE HAPPY TO.
AND BE GONE WITH YOU.
ASSHOLE.
GREG!
COME HERE, HONEY.
- HI, SWEETIE!
- HEY!
LOOK WHO'S HERE.
IT'S LARRY.
- HEYA, GREG.
- OH, I LIKE YOUR BAG.
- YOU DO?
- YEAH. WHERE IS IT FROM?
- YEAH, IT'S COOL,
ISN'T IT-- THE FRINGE?
- YEAH.
- GUESS WHAT.
- WHAT?
LARRY GOT YOU
A PRESENT TO REPLACE
THE SEWING MACHINE.
I LOVE
MY SEWING MACHINE.
- Larry: WHAT?
- I LOVE MY SEWING MACHINE.
OH, HE LOVES
HIS SEWING MACHINE.
- AND I MADE SOMETHING
FOR YOU, SUSIE.
- YOU MADE SOMETHING FOR ME?
OH, BY THE WAY,
HE LIKES THE SEWING--
HE WANTS TO KEEP IT.
- HE MADE SOMETHING FOR YOU.
- WHAT IS THAT, HONEY?
- I MADE YOU A PILLOW SHAM.
- A PILLOW SHAM?
A PILLOW SHAM!
HE MADE YOU
A PILLOW SHAM.
- OH MY GOD.
- YOU MADE THAT?
- LOOK AT THIS.
- UNBELIEVABLE.
- THAT'S REALLY NICE
STITCHING.
- THIS KID--
WHAT THE--?
WHAT?
WHERE DID YOU LEARN
ABOUT THIS SYMBOL?
LARRY TAUGHT ME
HOW TO MAKE A SWASTIKA.
HE WROTE IT
ON A PIECE OF PAPER.
- HE WAS DOODLING, LIKE,
THIS EVIL MAN...
- GREG.
...WHO HATED JEWS.
- WHAT WAS HIS NAME
AGAIN, LARRY?
- HITLER?
HITLER!
YEAH, HITLER.
- Susie: LARRY TAUGHT YOU
HOW TO MAKE THIS?
- NO, I WAS--
- YOU TAUGHT HIM
HOW TO MAKE A SWASTIKA?
- I DID NOT.
- WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU THINKING?
- I WAS DOODLING!
- ON A PILLOW SHAM?
- I WAS JUST DOODLING.
YOU THINK THIS IS
AN APPROPRIATE SYMBOL
- TO BE PETIT POINTING ON--
- SUSIE, LOOK OUT!
AHH!
( screams )
- JEFF! JEFF!
- ( groaning )
ARE YOU OKAY?
HONEY, ARE YOU OKAY?
I TOOK A BULLET FOR YOU.
WELL, IT WAS A BIKE
TECHNICALLY.
Michael:
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I WANNA WELCOME YOU ALL HERE
AND THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT
OF THE MICHAEL J. FOX FOUNDATION
FOR PARKINSON'S RESEARCH.
IT'S REALLY GREAT
TO SEE YOU.
AND A VERY SPECIAL
THANK YOU
AND A VERY WARM WELCOME
TO MAYOR BLOOMBERG...
- Woman: THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- ...WHO'S WITH US TODAY,
SUPPORTING US AS HE HAS
SINCE OUR INCEPTION
AND THROUGHOUT OUR PROGRESS
TOWARD A CURE FOR PARKINSON'S.
- BEFORE I GO
MUCH FURTHER...
- AH, HEY.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
- MY SIDE IS JUST KILLING ME.
- WHAT A SHAME.
- OH GOD, IT'S TERRIBLE.
- I THINK YOU SAVED HER LIFE.
- SHE OWES ME.
- YEAH.
WELL, I GOT A DOCTOR'S
APPOINTMENT THIS AFTERNOON.
I'LL GET THE WHOLE THING
STRAIGHTENED OUT.
- SO WHAT DID YOU
END UP GETTING GREG?
- I GOT HIM A--
- HEY! SHH!
- Michael: AND WE FIGURE
WE HAVE TO TACKLE ROAD BLOCKS
- THAT OTHER FUNDERS
HAVE NOT ADDRESSED.
- ( mouths words )
BUT--
LARRY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHY DO YOU HAVE
TO COME HERE AND DO THAT?
GIVE THE VIOLIN SIGN
IN FRONT OF ALL THESE PEOPLE?
HE MADE
THE VIOLIN SIGN?!
- HE WAS MAKING
THE VIOLIN SIGN!
- ( crowd grumbling )
I GOT A KID A PRESENT.
IT WAS A PRESENT.
THE VIOLIN SIGN, LARRY.
COME ON, PLEASE.
WAIT A SECOND, MIKE.
LET ME HANDLE THIS.
I'M THE MAYOR.
I'M NOT GONNA STAND HERE
AND LISTEN TO ANYBODY
DENIGRATE MICHAEL J. FOX.
HE'S A GREAT NEW YORKER
AND A GREAT AMERICAN.
- Man: YEAH!
- I WASN'T DENIGRATING--
I DIDN'T DENIGRATE!
LARRY, LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING.
THIS GUY IS TRYING TO PUT
PARKINSON'S OUT OF BUSINESS
AND I'M HERE TO PUT YOU
OUT OF THIS CITY.
- GET OUT OF TOWN.
- WHAT?
- I'M A NEW YORKER!
- GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE.
- I'M-- I'M--
- GET OUT OF HERE!
( crowd shouting )
I'M A NEW YORKER.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT TO ME.
I'M A NEW YORKER!
- ( door closes )
- Man: I GOT YOUR RESULTS.
- YOU'RE GONNA BE
JUST FINE.
- GREAT.
NOW LISTEN,
THERE IS A SMALL AMOUNT
OF INTERNAL BLEEDING.
- WHAT?
- IT'S NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
IT'S SMALL.
WE'RE GONNA HANDLE IT.
- I WANNA GIVE YOU
SOME ANTIBIOTICS, OKAY?
- ANTIBIOTICS.
AND CONSIDERING
THE AREA OF THE INJURY,
I THINK THE BEST COURSE
IS TO DO SOME SUPPOSITORIES.
- SUPPOSITORIES?
- THEY CALL THEM BULLETS.
OH, HELLO.
- LARRY.
- OH, HEY.
YOU KNOW, I REALLY
OWE YOU AN APOLOGY.
I WASN'T MOCKING YOU
WITH THE VIOLIN.
I BOUGHT A VIOLIN
FOR THIS LITTLE KID.
I COULDN'T SAY IT OUT LOUD
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
TO DISTURB YOU.
SO I WAS TELLING JEFF
THAT I BOUGHT HIM A VIOLIN.
IT'S OVER.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
IT'S JUST A CLEAN SLATE.
- LET'S NOT DWELL ON IT.
- REALLY?
IF THERE'S ANYTHING
I CAN DO FOR YOU,
YOU JUST LET ME KNOW.
IT'S FUNNY YOU SHOULD SAY THAT,
BECAUSE THERE ACTUALLY IS.
TRACY AND I ARE
DOING THIS EVENT FOR
THE CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL.
- OH.
- AND WE'RE HAVING
THIS EVENT.
IF YOU WANTED TO,
YOU COULD COME AND
SPEND THE DAY WITH US
- AT THE HOSPITAL
WITH THE KIDS.
- AH, WITH THE KIDS.
YEAH, THERE'LL BE GAMES
AND WE'LL HAVE LUNCH.
- AND THERE'S
PUTT-PUTT GOLF AND--
- PUTT-PUTT WITH SICK KIDS?
PUTT-PUTT
WITH SICK KIDS, YEAH.
- IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
THEY LOVE THAT.
- THIS IS NICE.
SOME OF THEM EVEN WEAR MASKS
SO THEY DON'T GET INFECTED.
- THEY'RE INFECTED?
- PRECAUTIONS-- MAKE SURE
YOU DON'T GET SICK.
YOU DON'T GET THEM SICK,
THEY DON'T GET YOU SICK.
BOY.
YES, I'D LOVE TO.
- I'D LOVE TO.
- GREAT, EXCELLENT.
- WHEN IS IT?
- THIS SATURDAY.
- THAT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
- CAN YOU MAKE IT?
- I HAVE TO BE OUT OF TOWN
ON SATURDAY.
- REALLY?
LET ME MAKE A COUPLE
OF PHONE CALLS.
POSSIBLY I COULD--
NO, I CAN'T.
- THEY WON'T
LET ME OUT OF THAT.
- WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
( stammering )
( French music playing )
HO!
HEH-HEY.
YEAH.
SO HOW LONG ARE WE GONNA
BE IN THIS TOWN?
I TOLD FOX TWO MONTHS.
WHAT ARE YOU EATING?
IT'S A CHALUPA
INSIDE A BURRITO
- WRAPPED THE FUCK UP.
- YOU KNOW, YOU'RE IN PARIS.
IT'S GOT THE BEST FOOD
IN THE WORLD AND YOU'RE
EATING A CHALUPA?
IF I COULD'VE PUT
FRENCH TOAST
IN THIS MOTHERFUCKER,
I WOULD, OKAY?
LOOK AT THIS.
HUH?
DO YOU BELIEVE THIS?
- I GOTTA SAY
SOMETHING TO HIM.
- OH NO.
( speaking French )
( both arguing in French )
ASSHOLE.
( arguing continues )
( theme music playing )